refactor: :recycle: switch from URI to source (#173)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: docs/design/interface/cli.qmd

`pyproject.toml`) in the current directory.

The main argument to `build` is the location of the Data Package file as
a `SOURCE` (e.g. a file path or a URL) to
build the documentation from. We'll support the following sources:

- {{< var wip >}} `file://` or a path without `file://`
- {{< var planned >}} `https://`
- {{< var planned >}} `gh:` or `github:`

Depending on which source is given, there are different behaviours:

- If nothing is given, `build` will by default assume it is a file path
  in the current directory and look for a `datapackage.json` file there,
  so path becomes `./datapackage.json`.
- If a relative path to a folder is given, `build` will parse it to the
  absolute path and append `datapackage.json`, so that the path becomes
  `/ABSOLUTE_PATH/datapackage.json`.
- `https://` sources must point to a raw file. We won't support using
  `http://` for security reasons.
- `gh:` or `github:` sources must be in the format `gh:OWNER/REPO` or

>   `github:OWNER/REPO`. Can add either `@BRANCH` or `@TAG` to the end to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `github:OWNER/REPO`. It's possible to add either `@BRANCH` or `@TAG` to the end to
```
